383. HACKING 101

plain text offenders.com






386: using passport.js it add cookies 

so what we have done 
npm i pkgs express-session passport passport-local-mongoose

thana I initialized passport and session
using passport 

than in app.post register i have called user.register function that takes username.username and password.password and function as parameter and that function calls and error and user
if error console log error and throw user to register page 
if not than call password.authen function that takes local, req and res and funn as parameter
and authenticates the user and after it we redirect them to the secrets page 

than i loged in the user through post login

username.username 
password.password 

created new user and its key:value pairs or js object so enclosed in braces 

req.login the user, function err 
console log it

else passport . authenticate the user and redirect him to the secrets page

 and finally logout via post 

 /lougt 
 logut(return fun takes err as para if err return next err)else 
 res.redirect










LVL=6 of security OAUTH.

To do all these tasks like to authenticate the users by your own doing all the heavy tasks like salting and anything else, why not 
let them to be done by facebook or google 
they will have their own methods to keep users safe and the benifit is that 
you are safe as hell and user is also verified is safe.

To do it we have to learn OAuth.

1.Granular data can be accessed the data that you need. 
2.Read and write access 
3.Revoke access 

Tell facebook about your web app
OAuth allows the users to make them go to the google or facebook granted page and say to accept the data that we need.

once user successfully registered our website will recive an Auth code from fb. This allows us to check that wether the user is autherised or not his username and password are same or not.


Futhur step 
we can also exchange that uthCode with access token and we will save it in our data base 

authCode = ticket. autherise users 
accessToken = like gate pass. access pices of data e.g. email or passpword.




npm i mongoose-findorcreate